This project is intended to create a tidy data set using raw data on activities 
collected from the accelerometers from the Samsung Galaxy S smartphone. Data files on
activies are obtained from https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip
We modify these raw data sets to create a final output file making sure it is tidy. 
Given below is a list of steps followed by me to create a clean/tidy data set. I also provide 
a list of the data files (both input files available in the link as well as final and
intermediate output files generated by me by when I run the R code)

Input files:
From the list of data sets available, we need:
activity_labels (this lists the 6 activities along with the activity ID)
subject_test (this lists the subject ID for those in the test group)
subject_train (this lists the subject ID for those in the training  group)
X_test (this contains data on activity for those in the test group)
X_train (this contains data on activity for those in the training group)
Y_test (this contains the activity ID for those in the test group)
Y_train (this contains the activity ID for those in the training group)
features (this contains the names of the variables for which we ahve raw data. So this contains the column names)


Output files:
test.data, train.data, CleanData, CleanData.mean.std , summary

Steps in data analysis:
1. First I changed the column names to make more readable:
The file features is used to rename columns of X_test, X_train

2. I merged the following files:
X_test, Y_test and subject_test to create test.data
X_train, Y_train and subject_train to create train.data
Then test.data and train.data are merged to create CleanData. (this addresses question 1)
I have also moved columns to make the file tidier. 

3. Then mean and standard deviations are extracted.  
The file name is CleanData.mean.std. (this addresses question 2)

4. Then the file is also made more readable by rearranging columns and I have added names to activity. 
This addresses question 3 and 4. The file is still called CleanData.mean.std

5. Finally, Icreated another tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.
The file name is summary. (this addresses last question)

